Once the lights went out, the winds came in,
hear people yelling and screaming,
and it was just terrifying.
All the time I was standing at the door
and I seen a hundred foot piece of the boardwalk
going flying down the block with cars falling.
I can't believe that's 30 feet away from me.
Oh, it was like a war zone.
Fire is burning in some areas.
My house got about three and a half to four feet of water.
Everything that we own is out sitting at a front yard.
Basically, the whole rock away has been devastated by this hurricane.
The hurricane is right now off the coast.
It hasn't arrived yet.
It's a late season storm.
We weren't really expecting something like this.
It's going to have an impact because it's combining with another storm.
And the forecasters are saying that this is going to be one of the worst storms we've had in a while.
Just before the disaster hit, there was a message
that went out through the circuit overseers to all the bodies of elders.
There's 26,000 volunteers waiting to come in to the New York Metro area.
We didn't even have to put a call out when they lined up.
We're getting calls in no specific order from the whole greater New York area.
So we're trying to bring a man geographically.
We want our crews to be sympathetic.
So if they get there and need at that point in time
because to help that deer sister sort of through her belongings,
you came off your work belt,
put on a smile, get your armor around there and say prayer with her,
help her sort of stuff out.
The challenge is when we have a disaster,
it's overwhelming for everyone.
The regional building committee that's local, the elders locally,
so they need assistance.
Now what will these volunteers work?
Just to help move some strong brothers like you guys.
If you look to the fence over there, the water was over the fence.
Everything is being taken out in my home.
What's wet is on one side, what's dry is on one side.
There have been very, very protective of certain things.
I hear them shouting fragile on one end, you know, delicate on one end.
The brothers have been wonderful.
They've been here from the very beginning.
They came to check everything.
Our whole organization will be working very diligently
to try to take care of the needs of our brothers and sisters,
both physically and spiritually.
You know, as we flew over the disaster area, we saw today.
I was really touched.
My heart was bleeding for the people that we saw.
As you're going through, you realize the magnitude of this disaster.
We just happy that we were able to escape with our lives in this tragedy.
Immediately after this storm had passed,
the brothers were trying to reach out to us, trying to find out how we were doing.
When you have a significant event like this storm,
of course you want to provide all that you can on a material level.
But spiritually, we have to help one another in that way.
And that's so important, we cannot neglect that.
It's a brotherhood, you know, you feel that they care.
And they really want it to concern about it welfare.
As soon as we see it, when the parker he came by
and he read his description, he prayed.
All the families in Naraka ways that are affected by this day
are also appreciative of what's being done by the organization.
We're still overwhelmed in days
that I don't think we've come out of that days period of what hit us.
Bad rooms.
There were a lot of friends in our congregation
that were very close to that were affected along with our family.
We had our meeting on Sunday for the congregation.
And when we got there, there was such a spirit of love and unity
and you just felt like this is your whole organization.
I would say if you've never been through a disaster before,
don't worry, the whole world will take care of you.
All of a sudden I get a phone call saying,
we're going to send some friends over to help you out.
And little did I realize it was going to be this many
with so tremendous amount of help.
It's overwhelming to see.
Being a part of your organization means that you have friends
and extended family.
When things like this happen,
even if they have never met you before,
they're coming and they're helping
and that's exactly what happened here.
I met friends at my house picking up my floor.
I met friends at my house carrying out bags full of wet insulation.
And to see this come to place right before my eyes is a very faith strengthening.
Even in these times we can find something to be joyful about.
The friends coming together so closely and just really showing
each other the true love that is described in the Bible.
Yes, we've lost a lot of things but we've not lost that.
We've not lost the brotherhood of each other, God has given to us.
I experienced the biggest disaster of my life
and Jehovah comforted me through his organization.
The friends just came and just swallowed us with love.
I just can't find that out anywhere.
That's priceless.
That really is.